Amend README to relax restrictions on beta K8s resources (#378)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-kubernetes: README.md

$ make build
```

## Developing the Provider

### Contributing Resources

> In order to prevent breaking changes and migration of user-created resources, resources included in this provider will be limited to stable (aka `v1`) and beta APIs (with beta resources, readiness for inclussion will be assesed individually). You can find `v1` resources in the Kubernetes [API documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/#api-reference) for the appropriate version of Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to prevent breaking changes and migration of user-created resources, resources included in this provider will be limited to stable (aka `v1`) and beta APIs (with beta resources, readiness for inclusion will be assessed individually). You can find `v1` resources in the Kubernetes [API documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/#api-reference) for the appropriate version of Kubernetes.
```
